salt,build,packages: No longer use/build `calico-cni-plugin` RPM (#3793)
scality/metalk8s: CHANGELOG.md

  the `metalk8s-utils` container
  (PR[#3773](https://github.com/scality/metalk8s/pull/3773))

> - Remove the `calico-cni-plugin` RPM packages and instead relies on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove the `calico-cni-plugin` RPM package and rely instead on
```
